Hey, good morning family.
Praise the Lord.
Thank you for joining us again today.
I have my sweetheart with me and I told her, I said, "Let's do a video for the family and we'll go over some things that we've been praying over.
" I think it's really cool that all the prophetic words that the Lord gives us when we pray are coming to pass so quickly.
We've been getting a lot of news articles from a lot of the family.
They send us this stuff and they say, "Hey, did you see this came to pass?
Did you see this come to pass?
" And right now, China has decided to start doing this new AI, just like the Lord told us, a baby that's being carried by a surrogate robot.
And I'm like, is this sci-fi or is this real?
But it's real.
They've announced it today and it's on a lot of channels like MSNBC and other news outlets are talking about it.
It's mindboggling that this stuff is coming out so quickly.
You know, when we used to pray over this stuff, it would take sometimes years to see it.
And now we're seeing it so quickly.
And this Chinese robot is really creepy.
It's just like what the Lord said.
There's no human connection with the mother.
You know, here we have a baby that's going to be carried for 9 months because it's not convenient to mess up the mother's body.
And I told you Hollywood's going to grab a hold of this like really crazy.
And you told me it's only like $13,000 to buy one of these robots.
Yeah, that's what they said that it was.
They plan on making it come out next year is what they're planning on.
And it said the price was going to be like $13,900.
Yeah.
And I don't know how much it costs to have a surrogate.
I think it's probably $100,000 or more.
So this is a lot cheaper than having a human surrogate.
Yeah.
And so if this is really something that they start to come out with, this is as in the days of Noah.
We're getting It's getting darker and darker and darker.
And to me, I just don't know.
Maybe I'm making a bigger deal out of it than what I should, but I feel it's a huge deal.
I think this is a caution red flag.
There's something more when we're so selfish that we don't want to carry a baby that we have to have a robot carry our child.
That's not even a human connection.
It's trying to merge AI with human.
It's just creepy, folks.
This is what we know is coming.
The Lord already warned us ahead of time.
These are the signs of the times.
Mhm.
And I'm telling you, if your head is in the sand right now, and you're not preaching behind your pulpit the signs of the times warning that Jesus Christ is coming, I don't know what you're preaching.
This is not church as usual right now.
This is church unusual.
It's time for the body of Christ to wake up.
We're running out of time.
The Lord told me, he said, "Brandon, there's no urgency in the church.
They're still preaching a seeker-friendly, feel-good message, not warning the church of what's coming.
There's a great shaking to awaken that's coming.
" And I'm telling you, in a 24-hour period, I need you to hear me.
In a 24-hour period, everything that you know is about to change.
"Well, Brandon, I heard you say that before.
" I'm trying to warn you.
When we were praying, I think it was like in the morning, the Lord said, "I need you to pray now.
There's things that are happening right now.
" And so, he said, "Go get communion.
" So, we ran out and got communion.
And we got our communion.
Hey, and whoever is sending the box of communion, thank you.
We got it in the mail.
What a blessing.
We got, I think, two boxes or whatever.
And it's like people are really loving on us.
We took it today.
We take communion all the time around here.
But I just want to tell you, when we took communion, we were praying for another prophetic ministry up north and the Lord had us interceding for them because I saw an attack coming on them.
And all of a sudden, the Lord said, "I've got more I need to show you.
Get ready.
" And all of a sudden, I went up like an eagle above.
And he started showing me what happened in the meeting with Putin and Trump.
And he said, "I'm going to take you to the meeting"—which was in the past then, but he said, "I'm going to allow you to hear the conversation they were having in this meeting and what was discussed.
" Mhm.
You will not hear this in public.
He said, "You're not going to hear this in public what was really discussed.
They'll give you glimpses, but they will never tell you what was said in those three hours in full detail.
" And some of the things that I was hearing Trump say and Putin say were, quite frankly, kind of scary.
There was some of it I said, "Lord, I don't think I'll ever publicly be able to say some of this, of course, but there's some of it I can, maybe, just because of the sensitivity of the detail of what I was hearing.
" And the Lord said, "I'm showing you this and I'm allowing you to hear this for prayer, for this is the beginning of something that will metamorphose.
It will change, and this is an ongoing thing, clear going into what we see Zelensky panicking and saying, 'We need to bring the EU in this.
' And this is exactly what the Lord warned us: the catalyst.
" "The catalyst.
" "Thanks.
She has such a deeper vocabulary than me because she reads.
That's Holy Ghost.
I just the words bubble up in my spirit.
" So we see the catalyst of the end times unfolding.
And as I was in this meeting in the spirit, I was shown the bear, and it was a bear head, and the bear's head was deflated, and it was like a little beach ball.
And as Trump was talking and feeding the bear, he did not poke the bear.
He actually embraced the bear in the meeting.
I was like, "Well, our prayers worked," because he was like, "The bear is my buddy.
The bear is my pal.
" And I was like, "This is not what I saw.
" And the body of Christ really prayed over this, and look what happened, because he handled him as if he was a friend.
It was almost alarming to me, the way the whole meeting went whenever I was in the spirit and I was listening to it.
But as the bear was before him, the bear started out really small and timid, but the bear's head got bigger and bigger and bigger and bigger to the point where it was a beach ball.
It was a massive beach ball, and it deflated, and then the bear got strength, and the bear started getting bigger.
And the Lord said, "Do you not see what I'm doing?
This will be the hook in the jaw eventually.
You need a strong Russia for the hook in the jaw for what's coming.
You're going to see the bear take a different role.
As he's playing his cards, he's bluffing.
He wants all the land.
And as he comes about all these things that you're hearing, he's bluffing.
He has Kim Jong-un in the background.
" All the things that were being said, I was hearing it.
But what I saw was he wants the land that they've conquered.
They wanted that to stay Russia, but they wanted Zelensky gone.
The Lord used the term "a proxy government" in the days ahead.
A new proxy government.
And I saw a new white man who was elderly.
I saw Zelensky be removed in the days ahead.
You get the conclusion of how that would happen; I'm not going to say either way, but what I heard was alarming.
And so I would say if he does not go along with this plan, I heard President Trump saying, "You don't want to go down this road.
There's too many lives being...
" He was the peace negotiator.
He was trying to deflate the problem.
He wanted to deflate ego, because he was already on defense.
I saw it in the spirit.
He was on defense, like he had his boxing gloves up like, "You know, what are you going to say to me?
How are you going to bully me?
" And Trump came at it in the spirit realm.
I could hear it as: 'You don't want to keep going down this road.
' Why don't we bring prosperity back to Russia?
Why don't we bring a great economic shift to Russia?
You don't want to go BRICS.
You don't want to go with China in this.
You can come with us with this and we will take the sanctions off of your banking.
We'll take the sanctions off of your businessmen.
We'll make Russia great again if you just defuse this war.
Because we don't want the war.
We want peace.
But why?
You're losing.
This isn't you.
You're smarter than this.
I heard him say, 'You're smarter than this, Putin.
' He kept telling him, 'You're smarter than this.
You don't want to go down this road.
You're losing all kinds of men.
People are dying.
You're smarter than this.
Don't you want to see a prosperous Russia?
Don't you want to see a prosperous nation, a future for your kids?
The way you're going right now is not the way to go.
' And that's the way Trump was talking to him in the media when I was praying into it.
This is what I saw.
And the Lord was showing me a defusing inside of him immediately.
There was like a peace.
It's like his mind was thinking like, 'You're not coming at me like I thought you were going to.
' Global Events & Prophecy.
You didn't poke the bear.
You handled the bear with care, but you handled it in a way that was shocking all, in my opinion.
And the way I was expecting him to be a little bit of, you know, like a schoolyard bully, like, 'You do what I tell you to do, or we're going to go throw down.
' But it was like, 'You're smarter than this.
' It was almost like the smart guy talking to the guy that's the thug, saying, 'Hey, we can make a business deal together.
The art of the deal.
Don't you think we could make something work of making your nation great and ours at the same time for the time that I'm here?
' But the stipulations that I was hearing was he has to go because he doesn't want a Russia that's strong.
He doesn't want all this, and he doesn't want peace.
I told you I saw Zelensky as a puppet, and as he was being maneuvered like a puppet...
you'll see this in the days ahead.
I believe with all my heart this is going to play out just like I'm seeing it all together.
France, Germany, Italy, United Kingdom, and Canada want war.
The Lord said their economy is in trouble.
And what funds economies to go and become great, to stabilize economies, is war.
Just like I was saying, and as they scramble in the days ahead, they're like, 'Oh no, we've got to come to this meeting, too.
It's not just Zelensky.
We don't agree because our dollar is in this too, you know.
' And you'll see that coming on Monday: representatives from NATO, representatives from these nations, all coming there to try to tell Trump, 'You're siding too much with Putin.
' But what it is is that you have a Putin that already...
it's like he said to Zelensky in the White House, 'You don't have the cards.
' It's all about poker.
'You don't have the cards.
You're in trouble.
Without us, we're not going to fund this.
If you don't deflate this balloon and make war go away, you don't have the cards.
' So, what will they do?
A black swan event, a major try to poke the bear in their own way to uptick war, if what I believe I'm seeing is correct, because I'm telling you all, the Pinocchio with the big nose...
I didn't see him trying to deflate this.
The Lord said, 'To be continued,' as I was pulled out of the vision.
You need to still pray into this because it was about Zelensky.
Now, this is what's coming tomorrow.
This is what the big day tomorrow is about.
What will be the kicker is because what we will see, I believe, is a Ukraine that has a proxy government in the days ahead with a strong leader that is pro-Ukraine, pro-Russia, and they will bring a unity there with this elderly man.
I saw an elderly man that was probably 65 to 70 years old, who had grayish hair, and I saw him.
It was like he was coming on the scene and he was being placed into power, someone who was pro-Ukraine, pro-Russia.
That's what their plan was.
Now, will that take place?
I have no idea, folks.
That's just what I was seeing that was being presented over here.
But what happens over here?
You know, that's what we have to pray about because I get these visions and the Lord shows this to me of what they're talking about.
That doesn't mean it's going to happen.
It's just what they're coming up with as a plan.
So, I'm not saying this is for sure nailed in stone, boom, you know, this is what's being discussed.
This is, 'How do we defuse this thing and how do we do this?
' But this is where I was seeing what was presented to him, because the Lord said, 'I'm going to allow you to see some things.
' So, as this is going on, what will happen over here on Monday?
And that's what we pray about tonight.
And as Putin was leaving and he was getting in his plane to go, I saw him hunched over with a demonic grin in the spirit realm, and he looked like Mr.
Burns on The Simpsons with a long, pointed nose, and he was like, you know, like that creepiness, and he was bent over with his jacket on.
He had a black sports blazer with a white shirt and a black tie.
He looked like mafia, and he was bent over and he had a demonic grin on his face like Mr.
Burns, like, 'I got everything I wanted.
This played right into my favor of what I'm wanting, and he's on my side,' because I heard both of them say they neither one of them like Zelensky.
Neither one of them wanted Zelensky.
'Zelensky is a problem' is what came.
'Zelensky is a problem.
' And I was thinking, 'This is not the way I thought it would go.
Ain't that interesting?
' But it was a way to get past the hard shell that had been a wall, and how to get around that wall and communicate in a way that would get to deflating the ego, deflating a stance of defense, like, 'You're not going to hear me because you already think I'm against you.
You've already divided.
You've already come up with your plan in your mind.
' And that's why I thought it was interesting, because the Art of the Deal was: how do you get around that wall of stone cold, because you already have your mind made up of what I'm going to do, but I'm going to come at this from a different direction?
And I'm telling you, it was only by the Spirit of God, by prayer, because what I saw before was an arrogant Trump that was, 'You're going to do what I tell you to do,' and strong-arming somebody.
And the Lord said, 'You better not try to strongarm him.
' Remember how many times we prayed over that?
'Do not strongarm him.
He won't hear.
You're going to make this...
it's rice paper thin.
You're about to send this thing over like a powder keg.
Go at this differently.
' Either way, Putin is not right, and I saw a man that was holding his cards and he wants the whole land.
He wants Poland back.
He wants all of Ukraine.
He wants everything.
But I'm telling you, that's later on.
But what happens right now of what I'm praying over while President Trump is president for this next three and a half years?
What are we going to see evolve around this?
But I'm telling you what I'm praying over.
I keep seeing major earthquakes, major disruptions in the Northwest, major disruptions in the Northwest concerning British Columbia.
And I believe a lot of this will spin off of how they treat Israel in the days ahead, how they treat the land of Israel.
Will they try to divide the land?
Will they try to come against and cause a two-state solution and all the things that...
it's what we're praying over right now.
Who's for us?
Who's the sheep nation?
Who's the goat nations?
I talked to Sister Billy, and I was asking her about the red heifer and I said, 'What do you think about this?
' She said, "She had to get back to me, you know, because she's really busy.
I just love her.
She's my new spiritual mama.
" I told her, I said, "She's been a friend to us.
" And she said, "I know, Brandon, I know the people who are raising the red heifers directly.
I know them.
" And she told us, she said, "I've talked to them and I took pictures.
" She even sent us pictures privately of the red heifers that were disqualified and she said, "See, these are them.
" She had personal photos that she took of the lady who was actually feeding and taking care of these cows and the building.
She took pictures of the lady and sent them, standing next to the lady in the photo showing me that they're friends, and I was like, "Get out of here!
" So, all the things you're hearing on the internet right now is a bunch of he-said, she-said: "Well, they sacrificed and they got this, but the ashes and it was a private ceremony" and all this.
She said, "Brandon, that's not true.
" She goes that all the heifers were disqualified, from what she's been told from her friend over there, that they were all disqualified, that none of it is real, and that they had to find, I guess they had to find new ones, from what I understand.
But I just thought it was cool having somebody on the inside like that who actually knows the lady who's raising, actually feeding and watering these cows, and I had pictures of them and I was like, "Is that the coolest thing?
" Miss Billye has the coolest connections in Israel, you know, with her building Migdal, this place for the two witnesses, you know, she's building a hotel for the Jews whenever the Antichrist comes on the scene and tries to create a place for them to stay during the Tribulation.
And she has this hotel.
She's believing God right now for 20-some million dollars to finish this hotel that she has the land for, and it's all end times.
It's just the coolest thing ever—all the things that God is using this lady who is 80-some years old.
And here she is pushing away as a pillar in the end-time army by herself, a widow woman doing all this, and I just respect that.
You know, 80-some years old and pushing and doing a hotel at 80-some years old, she's a fighter.
I just look at her, and she's healthy and smart and of sound mind.
I mean, you know, when you talk to her, it's not like you're talking to somebody older—no disrespect—but she's just sound in her mind, and it's just amazing, the scripture memorization and everything.
It's just, wow, you know?
Thank God.
I pray God keeps people like that strong, who are end-time pillars.
Now, where does that leave us in the end times?
I have no idea.
All I know is they could find a heifer tomorrow.
God could supernaturally create one, put it on a hill, and go, "Where'd that cow come from?
" I don't know.
But I don't limit God and make Him go, "Well, no, the sky is falling, Chicken Little.
We don't have a red heifer.
" Now, a red heifer could be on the hill, and it could be supernaturally made, and I don't know.
I'm just believing God could do something big, and it could come out of nowhere, and be just exactly what we need in the end times or where we are in the end times.
I just know that God is not going, "Well, Lord, well, Jesus, it had five black hairs on it and it disqualified it.
" And you know, "I wasn't expecting that.
I guess they can't sacrifice and You can't come back sooner.
" I just know that God's not up there shocked at all, whatever.
There's a plan, and oh, what a planner!
And what God has in store for us is amazing.
Right now, what we should be focusing on is not about a red heifer, not about wars and rumors of wars, but about bringing in the harvest as quickly and as fast as possible.
Because that's what He said, "I'm waiting on.
" He told me specifically, He said, "Brandon, you bring in the harvest, son.
" He was standing there.
He was underneath the chuppah, this wedding festival that He was getting ready for, the ceremony.
He was standing there as a pillar of fire.
And as He was standing underneath there, He said, "I'm waiting on you.
What are you going to do to help me bring in the harvest?
" And I'm no longer seeing a blob of light.
It looked longways.
Because every time the Lord appears, I see Him as a pillar of light, a pillar of fire.
It was no longer in a ball like when you're sitting down.
He was standing up waiting, looking at the edge of time, saying, "What are you going to do to bring in the harvest?
" And if that's what my Father's waiting on, I'm going to do everything in my power, on my little YouTube channel, whatever I've got, to help bring in as many people to the Lord as possible, as quickly as possible.
But He said to me, "You're about to see an establishment, a metamorphosis even, in my ministry of acceleration, with the prophetic seeing of how we see and how we, as an extension of creative miracles and healings and demonstrations and manifestations.
" He said, "You'll no longer be known on the internet in the days ahead as a seeing and praying channel like this, but you'll be known as 'will pray for them and they'll be healed.
' You're going to see miracles being called out on this healing broadcast and the power of God touching you right where you are behind this camera.
It doesn't have to be that you have to have somebody lay hands on you to receive your miracle today, but God will touch you right where you are and you will receive what you've been believing for, for I don't know how long.
It doesn't matter.
You say, 'Well, Brandon, I've been bound by this for 20, 30 years.
' But I'm telling you today by the Spirit of God, there's an expiration date to your problem, and it's time to believe for your miracle.
We are in the last of the last of the last seconds of this end time.
I believe that God's going to show up and show off in your life today.
Why not believe for today?
" As we see the days approaching, as we see as the days of Noah with the babies and all the weirdness that we're hearing on the news, He told me there would be stadiums filled with people worshiping in glory and the anointing and the presence of God beyond anybody's comprehension in the day.
He said instead of sporting events, because there won't be so many people coming to watch the sporting events, there'll be glory events.
It's time for the glorious church, for the manifested sons and daughters, for the glorious church to rise up and take the baton and say, "We're the new generation.
Let's do this.
" The elders are getting tired, folks.
And we pray that God would keep them strong.
But here, we have young legs.
Let's do this.
Well, some of them are.
Some of them are.
Sister Billye isn't.
No, she's feisty.
She's going after it.
I'm like, "Let's, I love it.
" Well, 88 years old and going after the gospel, you have a generation that's still fighters.
And I'm excited about it.
But there's some of them that are getting tired, and they're ready to go home.
That's fine.
Pass the baton.
Let's do this because I'm telling you, it's time for all hands on deck right now.
And that's why I was praying for so many people.
Did you know Perry Stone was doing—I don't care what Perry Stone did in the past.
I'm going to tell you this, what God told me.
He said, "I'm using these men and women right now because they need some refreshing.
They get weary in well-doing.
" And I don't know about all the articles that you all have been sending me telling me he's done this and he's done that.
I'm telling you this is why the Lord told us to pray for these people.
I'm not ever here to cast the first stone on anybody.
"Well, they shouldn't have done that or shouldn't have done this.
" I don't know what they did.
I wasn't there.
It's all he-said, she-said.
But I'm going to tell you this.
What the Lord told me: pray for them.
Pray for his wife.
Made sense.
If it is true, okay, but still pray for him.
Did that disqualify him from ministry?
Heavens no.
I believe God is—if he would forgive David, if he would forgive Moses, if he would forgive all this stuff and go on, he'll forgive Perry Stone, he'll forgive anybody else that needs to be forgiven, and it's under the blood.
We're not here to pick at nobody, but I'm telling you, I believe God raises up generals for such a time as this that have been there and been around the mountain and know how to stand in these last days.
I didn't realize—I told Diana, I said, I didn't realize when you're pouring out and pouring out and pouring out, I can maintain for me and my wife and my kids spiritually; it's what we've always done.
But when you're doing not just for you and your wife and your kids anymore and you're dumping out to the masses, it's another level of staying spiritually hydrated.
That's what I was talking to one of my friends.
I said, 'You've got to stay spiritually hydrated.
You're pouring out and pouring out and pouring out.
And the devil will only come and get the ones that are weak.
It's just like the pack of lions that look for the ones that are maimed up and sick in the tribe of the elk or whatever.
They're looking for the weak ones, the ones that are malnourished, the ones that don't have enough water, that are out there, they're scurrying around.
Who can we take out of this little pack of wildebeests?
Who's the weak one of the bunch?
' If you're strong and you've got some meat on you, they go, 'We can't touch him, but we'll get him.
' That's why I'm trying to warn my friends, my prophetic friends, to say, 'Listen, you've got to stay hydrated in these days ahead.
I've seen very dark, hard days coming as a watchman on the wall.
' It's like I told—I said, I don't see myself as a prophet.
I'm just a watchman.
I pray, but I'm seeing as a watchman standing on the wall warning you all what's coming.
Very, very hard days are coming for some people.
A shaking to awaken.
The Lord warned us there would be a shaking in the heavens.
Signs in the heavens, major signs, fearful sights you will see will bring you to your knees.
A shaking in the earth, a shaking in the economy, a shaking in the politics, and a shaking in the church.
Five major shakings will take place in the days ahead when we step forth into September.
He said, 'September will be a month to remember in the spirit realm.
' I saw it circled and it was covered in a haze.
And he said, 'Watch the 23rd.
Watch these time frames.
' I didn't even know, ladies and gentlemen, that there was an eclipse on the 7th of September, a blood moon.
But it's not over America.
It's over Israel.
It's over Europe.
It's over the Middle East.
A blood moon on the 7th of the same month.
Amazing prophetic signs.
Another blood moon coming on September the 7th.
And I'm like, that's not a coincidence.
This is the time frame the Lord has already warned us about.
Signs in the heavens.
Signs of the heavens.
It's not about America this time, but seven billion people have the opportunity to see this eclipse.
Wow.
Seven billion out of eight billion, almost nine billion people, whatever it is now.
So that means the Western culture, we're not really going to see it, but all of the Middle East and Europe and all this, they're all going to see this major eclipse on this September 7th.
And I thought that's not a coincidence around this blood moon is happening with these peace agreements and the next two weeks, you've got all these.
And the Lord said, 'Watch this.
A dividing between the sheep and the goats is coming beyond anybody's comprehension.
' Do you understand where we are right now, folks?
He said, 'If you're listening to me and you're keeping your head on my chest and hear my breath, I'll show you the secret things.
I'll tell you the secret things.
I want my church not to be caught off guard.
' Lot was caught off guard.
He didn't know what was coming.
He didn't know the signs of the times of where he was living in.
Why?
Because he became too familiar with Sodom and Gomorrah.
He was in the midst of them.
He was hanging out with them.
He was bumping shoulders with them every single day.
And because of that, he became spiritually dry.
He became spiritually not saturated like Abraham standing up on the mountaintop saying, 'God have mercy.
' Because you know who God came and visited?
He came to the one that was full.
He came to the one that was having an ear towards him.
It wasn't the one that was in the midst of Sodom and Gomorrah that had pitched his tent going to Sodom and Gomorrah and saying, 'Hey, I want to be amongst them.
' And there's so many of you right now, I hear by the spirit of God that you have pitched your tent in the midst of Sodom and Gomorrah and your circumstance and you don't even realize what's coming.
Your head is in the sand.
And I'm here to tell you today, it's time for you to wake up.
You're running out of time.
You need to hear the Father's voice and instruction on every single thing.
Not just on every once in a while—'Well, I heard him on this.
' No, you need to hear him on a day-to-day basis.
'Where are you, Father?
Where are you?
' If you didn't hear him today or anytime this week, he could be on another path over here and you're going concerning your life or whatever and you're not hearing him.
You have to be like a clock ticks.
A fine Rolex watch.
Precision Swiss watch.
Tick tick tick tick tick.
Are you listening?
Do you know what's coming?
There's signs of the times.
Are you listening?
I hear the clock ticking of the end times.
And are you listening?
Tick tick tick.
As we see, he said you're going to—as the blue whales—they said the blue whales are fleeing the area and the scientists can't figure out why, all on the West Coast.
All of a sudden the blue whales are starting to act strange.
I told you all you'll start to see fish and patterns of animals change in the days ahead.
Things will start to act different.
Migration of birds, breeding patterns of animals in the fall.
Things will start to—even the light will start to change.
Volcanoes will start to go off in all these places.
We're at the beginning of sorrows.
But the Bible never told us that we wouldn't see some of these things before the rapture of the church.
He said these are the beginning of sorrows.
He warned us that we would see this, but a lot of us have an expectation of we're getting out of here sooner than what we think we're going to.
And I'm telling you, the Lord told me, he said, 'Brandon, I'm not coming back for a weak, anemic church.
I'm coming back for a church with a backbone like a crowbar.
They're not having an escape mentality.
' This is the word I got from him.
And many people are going, 'Brandon, did you know I believe the rapture of the church is taking place in September?
' No, it's not.
I know it in my spirit.
You know, you'll know.
We don't have enough.
He said, 'These people are going to hell all around us.
Asia, they're going to hell.
A lot of Asia is going to hell.
A lot of the Middle East is going to hell.
The body of Christ in the Western culture is like, 'We got to get out of here.
' But he's like, 'Brandon, if I come back right now as it is without this harvest, without the healing demonstrations of manifestation, it makes me look weak.
It makes it look like God is retreating.
Don't you see?
They're all having a hard time, so we got to get out of here.
But all these people are going to hell.
' Do you know he died for—he would have died for just one of us.
He would have died for you.
He would have died for Diana, me, whoever, if it was just for one, because that's how much he loved us.
He said he gave his life that none should perish but all come to repentance.
He didn't want any of us to go to hell.
So, how much if he sees tens of millions that he died for, from young to old, and he's up there going, "You know what?
I have a couple of remnant people that are ready and the rapture is ready for today, and I know they're really good, but if he comes back right now, he'll take a couple hundred million of us.
" But he's like, "But there's so much harvest down there.
There's so much harvest down there.
The harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few.
And if my kids would just do what they're called to do and have a backbone like a crowbar and go out and tell the people that I'm coming, I'd get all this extra harvest.
I'm not in a hurry.
Are you, Father?
You ain't in a hurry.
Why?
Because what's the most valuable thing to the Father?
A man's soul, a man's heart.
Not about anything.
" You know, it's like Diana's been listening to Kathryn Kuhlman and just been munching on all her old tapes and all her old stuff, and tell them what she said about the souls.
Yeah, she was talking about how people ask for so much, but she said the Holy Ghost is not just there for us to get giggles and just feel good.
It's not.
He's there for service.
So, it was a phenomenal sermon that I listened to of hers, and she was talking about how the biggest thing we could do is just allow him to change us into his transforming light and to go out—it's not just coming behind a camera or going on a platform and preaching a big sermon.
It's who you are when you go into the store.
It's who you are whenever you go to work every day.
It's being him, letting him shine through you and be a light to others.
And your life will draw them in, and you will be the net that brings them in.
But what she was talking about is that so many people want to just lie around and get the Holy Ghost shakes.
But she said everything the Father does with the anointing is for setting in service and setting the people free.
I checked myself because the Lord told me—I said, "Lord, where's the anointing for healing on my life?
Where is this at?
" And I was in the shower and I was just asking.
I said, "Lord, where are you at?
" He goes, "Well, what are you going to do with it?
I don't have a problem anointing you, but it's not there just to feel good, to play with.
You're not going to play with this.
This is for service.
This is for work.
It's a tool for working.
It's not for you to go around touching people and they fall out and shake just so you draw attention to yourself.
This is to attract, to deflect, to get souls saved.
The anointing is for service.
" And people play with it, and they think, "Well, this is a game.
" No, it's not a game.
This is a tool, like a hammer is to a carpenter, or a tractor to a farmer.
You don't play with it.
It's for service.
It's to bring in the harvest.
And I was thinking about what he—as he's instructing me, you know, I said, "Well, let's do it.
I'll help you.
Let's go out and get the people.
Bring the fire.
Bring in the Holy Ghost fire on my life.
I need the tangible presence for the service of you to bring in this last harvest.
" But I'm not doing these videos just to do them.
I want to equip my people to say, "Listen, you have what it takes.
You have what it takes to talk to your neighbor.
You have what it takes to lay hands on the sick and see them recover, and your household.
It's not meant for any of us to get devoured by the devil.
It's for us to take our dominion and authority and say, 'Enough's enough.
'" It's like we were having some things go on, and Diana said, "You know what?
Enough's enough.
We're not going to get bullied by the enemy or his minions.
We have angels on assignment.
" They have angels and assistance—aid and assistance, aid and assistance from angels, angelic aid and assistance.
Yeah, he equips and he protects those he loves.
And we're not going to get bullied by the devil.
And some people think, "Well, I can't do that because I don't have a YouTube channel.
I can't be a good witness because I don't have the platform for it.
" But there's a lot of people out there that won't even look online.
There's people that won't ever go on a YouTube channel.
And those are the far corners that need to be reached.
So let your life be an example and shine your light brightly wherever you go.
Whenever you think no one's watching, whether you're in the car, driving your car, just smiling away, and people go, "Wow, what is it that he or she has?
I want that.
" Be the light.
Don't be like the world.
Let's shine our light brightly and then bring them in by just being an example, not blending in with the darkness, being the light, just like the scripture says, "Let your light shine brightly before all men.
" Yes, before all men.
And it's time for us to be that salt.
Yes.
I just—you know, I don't know, I tell y'all, I'm just real.
Diana and I are just real.
We have our stuff we go through, and we don't come on here and talk about our trials, but every one of us has stuff we're going through, and every one of us has stuff we're believing for—every single one of us.
And there's not one anybody greater.
It's how you spend time with him.
How you decide to take part of your day and spend it at the foot of Jesus.
He'll anoint and appoint those that spend time with him and say, "Hey, here am I, send me, Lord.
" But he's not going to send somebody that is not saturated with him.
It's out of the overflow.
Yes, it's out of the overflow.
That's why he talks to me all the time.
"Do not talk out of your reserves.
You commit spiritual treachery.
It's treachery against your spirit.
Do not minister out of your reserves.
Minister out of the overflow.
You must be filled with the Holy Spirit.
" You know, I was listening about brother Wigglesworth and some of the great—how many controversial statements they made and how they operated in the gifts of the Spirit.
They would do things and you'd go, "Wow.
" I mean, most churches nowadays, if they had Smith Wigglesworth, if he was alive today, they would kick him right out of the front door because of how controversial and how bold he was in how he ministered, because he's not seeker-friendly.
"Well, you know, brother, you've got to have more grace.
You've got to do all—" No, no, no.
He was just boom.
But he walked in signs and wonders.
I don't remember how many people they said he raised from the dead—creative miracles, demonstrations, and manifestation of glory.
And I thought, "Lord, what is it going to take?
" We're all believing for this last outpouring, whatever we're looking for.
And I'm telling you, we're coming to a point in time—we're at a point, and I believe it's when we go into the fall, we're going to see an uptick of miracles, the first dominoes.
We're already seeing first the blade, then the ear, then the corn.
But he started going over telling me about people that are going to start to visit hell, and it's going to happen a lot, and they're going to come back to testify of what they saw in hell as a sign, a warning, a last warning.
You're going to start to—I need you to hear me.
There'll be a lot more of these in the days ahead.
Not just saying, "I saw heaven," but they saw hell—hell visitations, where they saw glimpses of hell and they come back to tell you what they saw.
And there'll be many testimonies in the days ahead, not like Gabe's testimony saying he saw heaven, but people saying, "I went to hell and I saw this person or I saw this, and these people are burning and what they're going through.
" We've heard about the other side of heaven.
We've heard about it.
And the Lord is telling me, he said, "Brandon, there's going to be a wave, not of people warning about heaven, but warning about hell.
And they're going to be specific, very accurate descriptions, of course, but they're going to be very similar.
It's not like ran over here, rogue, all these weird things.
" They're going to be similar, and they're going to be warnings.
I'm telling you, you're running out of time.
And there's going to be signs of things that will shake the world in the days ahead with earthquakes in diverse places, signs in the heavens.
Oral Roberts—because Sister Billye said, "Do you remember?
" She said, "Brandon, do you remember Oral Roberts' wakeup call that he talked about in 2003?
" I said, "Yeah, it's over 20 years ago, but I still have that echoing inside of me that there's a major sign about to happen," that Oral Roberts—what was the major thing that Oral Roberts said he saw?
He said the Lord spoke to him and said, "There's no urgency with my church telling my people of the second coming of the Lord Jesus Christ.
There's no urgency.
There must be urgency in the pulpits.
" He said, "There must be an urgency with my bride telling them that I'm coming.
There must be urgency," Oral Roberts said, "and there will be a sign in the heavens.
" And the way he said it, and he was shaking, and he saw the sign, and he said, "What is this?
" He said, "It's a sign to tell everybody that the Lord Jesus Christ is coming.
" I believe we're about to see that sign.
I believe people thought, "Well, that's COVID.
" No, it's not COVID.
No, this is a major sign that's about to take place, and every eye will see it.
Every ear will hear it.
It was loud.
It was deafening.
It was all these things.
And Sister Billye and I were talking about it, and I thought, "We haven't seen that yet.
" 20 years later, I'm telling you, it's time to wake up.
Major signs we'll see that will bring you to your knees.
Fearful sights, false alien invasions, demonic spirits trying to deceive many.
So, if you're here today and you say, "Brandon, I hear everything you're saying," Altar call.
But you've never accepted Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior.
You're here not by coincidence, but you're here because you feel that tug when you pass by the thumbnail.
You have that tug.
You say, "There's something.
" I feel...
The Bible says that no man comes to the Father unless He is drawing him.
And today, I believe you're being drawn to the Father.
I believe that today you have that tug on your heart.
You don't even know really why you're here, but you just have an inward knowing that you are not right with the Lord.
And if you died tonight, where will you spend eternity?
If you were to die today on the way to work or coming home, or you didn't wake up from your sleep, where would you spend eternity?
There's a heaven to gain and a hell to shun.
It's time for you to make a choice.
Today is the day of salvation.
Today's the day of repentance.
Today is the day to turn from your past.
Today is the day to run to Jesus with your arms wide open and say, "Father, I need a Savior.
" The Bible says it's appointed unto man once to die, and after that the judgment.
Every single one of us at some point in time in our life, if the Lord tarries, will have that opportunity to either stand before the Father and hear Him say, "Welcome in," or for Him to say, "I never knew you.
Depart from me, I never knew you.
" Every single one of us will have that opportunity.
What will He say about you?
Will He say, "Depart from me.
I never knew you," or will He say, "Welcome home, thy good and faithful servant.
Enter into my rest"?
That's a question you need to ask yourself right now.
It's a good time to soul search.
Examine yourself right now as the Holy Spirit's tugging at you.
I want you to make a decision today.
"Well, I'll do it later on.
I don't have to do it today.
I'll have time.
" No man is promised tomorrow.
The very shoes you put on today to go to work, the undertaker might be taking them off that night.
You don't know if you're going to have tomorrow.
But today is the day of salvation.
And I want you to say this prayer with me because Jesus died for you publicly.
Now, you confess Jesus publicly in the comment section down below.
I want you to put in the comment section right now, "I want to be saved.
" If you don't know Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior, or you're backslidden, you say, "Brandon, I used to know Him.
I used to serve Him.
I used to be a Christian when I was young.
I went to church with my grandma or my mom or my dad or whatever.
I went to church.
I went to youth group.
But I have fallen away.
I'm out partying.
I don't know the Lord anymore.
I don't even know if He knows me.
" But today, I would like to come back to Jesus Christ.
Today, I want to be sold out again.
Today, I want to renew my relationship with Him.
If that's you right now, I want you to publicly say it.
Say, "I need to rededicate my heart to Jesus today.
I'm coming home.
I don't want to live this way anymore.
" But all I know is that it's appointed unto man once to die, and after that the judgment.
To be absent from the body is to be present with the Lord, or present in hell.
It's your choice.
"Well, I don't believe that.
" Well, that doesn't change it.
That doesn't change it.
The Bible stands firm.
Are you willing to take that risk?
"Well, I'm an atheist.
Well, I'm an agnostic.
" Are you willing to take that gamble?
You could be wrong.
If you're wrong, you're in trouble.
If I'm wrong, I've lived a good life and I've lived a clean life, if there's no heaven or hell or nothing.
But I'm saying it's not something to gamble with.
Are you willing to take that gamble?
That's pretty ignorant.
But I'm going to tell you this.
There is a heaven.
There is a hell.
And there is a Savior, and there is a Jesus that loves you.
And He has His arms wide open for you right now.
And I just want you to repeat this prayer with me.
As I repeat this prayer, I believe as you confess your sins, He is faithful and just to forgive you of your sins and cleanse you from all unrighteousness.
So, I'm going to say this prayer with you, and I want you to say it, and say it with your whole heart.
The Bible says with the heart, confession is made unto salvation.
So, let's say it right now together.
Say, "Jesus, I believe you're the Son of God.
I believe you died for me, and you rose again on the third day.
I need a Savior.
I'm a sinner.
I ask you to write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life today.
I ask you to forgive me of my sins.
I ask you to cleanse me from all of the unrighteous things that I've done.
I need you, Jesus.
From this day forward, I turn my back on the devil.
I turn my back on the world.
And from this day forward, I will serve you with my whole heart.
I thank you, Lord, that I'm now forgiven.
I thank you, Lord, that I am now your son or daughter.
I thank you, Lord, that you love me enough that you would forgive me even when I didn't deserve it.
" That's what grace is: something you can't earn and something you don't deserve.
Jesus paid the price for you to walk in victory.
Say it: "I receive you now as my Lord and personal Savior.
Thank you, Lord.
I'm coming home.
I'll be yours from this day forward.
Thank you, Lord.
Amen and amen.
" It's so simple.
We make it hard.
We make it all religious, but it's just a simple prayer: "with the heart, confession is made unto salvation.
" And today you said that with your heart, and you believed it, and you said it with your whole heart, with your mouth, and I believe that today you're born again.
I believe that today you're set free from your past.
Behold, I make all things new.
So, it's as far as the east is from the west.
It don't ever touch.
But I'm gonna tell you this.
You may fall down and skin your knee again, but you stand up.
When you confess your sins is not when the Lord found out about it.
It's when you got rid of it.
The moment you mess up ever again, you run to God when you sinned.
You don't run away from him.
You say, "Father, I need you.
I messed up again.
I skin my knee.
Lord, help me.
Help me.
" And he's an ever-present help in a time of need.
The Lord says in his word that he is a forgiver of those that confess their sins.
He is a God that loves you and he has a place for you.
Right now the angels are rejoicing.
They are excited.
They're having a big old party because you just gave your heart to Jesus.
Welcome to the family.
Now what do you do with this Christian life?
How do you go about being a Christian?
You find you a Bible.
You read your Bible every single day.
You pray every single day.
You get water-baptized.
You go to a non-denominational church—is what I'd go to—and find a non-denominational church and say, "I need to be water baptized.
I just got born again on YouTube and I want to get water baptized.
" Get water baptized.
Go and volunteer at that church.
Get plugged in there.
Take classes if they've got classes.
Do all that you can do to get this Christian life stirred up so you realize the decision you've made.
Get excited about what you've done because, as you grow and become more in the Word and you read this Bible, it will change you from the inside out.
Now, you say, "Well, Brandon, I can't afford a Bible.
I'm making it from paycheck to paycheck.
I don't have enough money even to buy food tomorrow.
" Well, guess what?
Diana and I would love to buy you a Bible, your first Bible to rejoice with you in the decision you've made to accept Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior.
We want to buy you a Bible today.
So, tell them, baby.
Yes.
So if you just go down to the description, our email is there and when you send the email, just put in the title saying "I can't afford a Bible" and then put your address and if you have a preference, because you need to make sure that you understand what you're reading.
So, if you look online and you see that you understand the Amplified better, or the New Living Translation, or NIV, or the New King James—those are the ones that we send out and if you just put in there which one you prefer, otherwise we just send out the New King James version.
We'll never contact you again.
The address is only to be used so we can send it to you through Amazon.
Other than that, we just want to rejoice with you.
Yes.
You've just made the greatest decision you could ever make, accepting Jesus Christ today.
Praise God.
We rejoice with you.
Now, if you could comment down below and say, "I just gave my heart to Jesus Christ today.
I'm saved.
" We want to rejoice with you.
We want to be able to celebrate with you.
And the family down there wants to celebrate with you also, saying, "Thank God that you're born again.
Thank God that you're no longer going to hell.
Thank God that you have a new beginning.
Today is a clean new start.
Behold, I make all things new.
Hallelujah.
Isn't that wonderful?
It's so exciting.
Glory to God.
You're no longer going to hell.
Isn't that amazing?
I mean, just to think a little prayer like that, you said it by faith and all your sins are washed away.
And behold, he's made everything new.
And he has a plan for your life.
Beloved, I wish above all things that you prosper and be in health even as your soul prospers.
Isn't that amazing?
We rejoice.
And again I say, rejoice.
Praise the Lord.
Hallelujah.
We pray over Zelensky meeting today.
We're going to pray over the Monica Lewinsky-type scandal that has the opportunity to take President Trump.
Now, it's like I talked to another prophetic man and he said, "Isn't it amazing that if the devil couldn't take him out by a bullet, he'll try to take him out by a sexual scandal like he did?
" We know how many times President Trump has had an issue with women.
We know.
So, he doesn't have new tricks.
The devil throws the same thing that worked before.
He'll try to throw it at you again.
And he's off there going, "That number worked, if you remember clear back 20 years ago with X and Y, you know.
" So you go, "If that'll work, then we'll put another beautiful girl across his path, cause a little rift in his marriage maybe, I don't know, and we'll sucker punch him again.
" Same old devil, same old tricks.
But not only this time, he's the president, and if he does something like that, it embarrasses the country and it embarrasses him.
So we pray that whenever you've got all these big decisions, you've got all this pressure...
I told you witchcraft against his heart, his arteries, his mind.
There's so many things that are coming against him.
And then you throw another curveball at him with a blonde, whoever.
We must pray for him to keep strong.
He has to finish the race that God has for him uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
Folks, I'm telling you, the Lord is using this man for the end-time church, bringing forth...
we're so close to something major happening.
And it would be a shame if we did not stand in the gap, praying for him that he would not fall morally behind the Oval Office doors.
That would be a very disgraceful thing.
So we pray that he would be strong and he would flee sin like Joseph did, even if his robes off, and say, "I refuse to mess up the platform God has given me for such a time as this, even for a woman, no matter how beautiful she is or how ugly, whatever, it don't matter.
I'm running and I'm fleeing from what the devil has thrown at me.
" And he has a beautiful wife, and we just ask God for a refining of that marriage, those vows—that you said what you said and that you're going to stand by it even if the season could be rocky because the Lord showed me they're going through some things.
And so we pray for a refreshing over their marriage.
That's our job.
We pray for our leaders, especially when they're in high-profile positions with a lot of demonic activity coming against them.
If you can't take your kids out, if you can't take this, he'll send a harlot.
And it could be a pretty harlot, you know, a girl that says, "I love Jesus.
" Or not, who knows?
Pastors, preachers, they don't fall overnight.
It starts with a crack and it's a gradual thing and the next thing you know, they didn't jump in bed with them the next day and say, "Oh, how did I get here?
" It started with a flirtatious look.
It started with something.
Her lips are beautiful and perfect.
It starts someplace.
Do you understand?
The lips, boy, just like a machine gun, starts with a crack and the next thing you know we have a Marilyn Monroe.
So we pray for those people that are involved that God would remain a strength to him because he needs it now more than ever.
So let's pray for you today before we close.
We don't want to keep you too long, but we're excited you're here, and we're so thankful for every single one of you that come and partake in our videos.
Thank you for being a part of our family.
We pray these videos uplift you and get you stirred up and excited about what God is about to do in these last days.
I know you're not hearing it a lot in your churches, but we hear about it.
And you come here because we know the signs of the times and the urgency of the hour.
And Diana and I are here as watchmen to tell you with all our heart that Jesus Christ is coming and you're running out of time.
That's our main focus is to lead people to Jesus.
This way, this way.
Get on the boat quickly.
Get on the boat.
The ark doors are closing.
You got to get on the boat.
And are you going, 'You know what?
I don't know.
I've never heard of rain before.
' Get on the boat.
The rain's coming.
'We've never heard of it.
' It's coming.
It's closing.
The time's closing.
Get on the boat.
And you're going, 'What is this guy yelling about?
' I'm trying to tell you to get on the boat.
Jesus Christ is coming.
'Well, we've heard that before, brother.
' No, no, no.
Do you not sense the signs of the times and where we are?
Father, I thank you, Lord.
Dian and I, we lift up these families here today.
We thank you, Lord, that you've called us to the kingdom for such a time as this.
We lift up every single one of them today.
We thank you, Lord, that you're the healer.
You're the deliverer.
You are the God in whom we trust.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you know our future more than we know our past.
You know exactly what we need before we even need it.
And Lord, you said in your word that you would supply all our needs according to your riches and glory by Christ Jesus.
So I call them blessed today in the name of Jesus.
That when they sow seed, Father, they reap back 30, 60, and 100-fold.
I thank you, Father, that everything they put their hands to would prosper in the name of Jesus.
Father, I thank you, Lord, right now.
We thank you that every unsaved person that has their family out there that is not born again.
We thank you, Lord, that they're born again right now in the name of Jesus.
We call them in from the north, the south, the east, the west, laborers to come across their path.
We thank you, Lord, right now that Satan, your hand is coming off of them.
Father, the Bible says that Satan has blinded the eyes of the unbelievers.
And we call the unbelievers believers in Jesus' name.
They'll not be unbelievers anymore, but they will be believing believers.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that their eyes are flooded with light today.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that healings and demonstrations and manifestations of the glory follows those that believe.
For you said, signs will follow them that believe.
And we're believing that, Father, the signs will follow us.
That we're not people in the last days going, 'Well, there's no power.
' But, Father, we have power that's from on high that's filling us from glory to glory.
I thank you, Father, that right now, today, Father, there's no compromise in these people's lives.
That, Father, they're shaking off the old garments.
They're shaking off the old stuff, and they're saying, 'I'm all in for Jesus today.
' I thank you, Father, that you're stirring them from the top of their head to the soles of their feet.
That you're visiting them in the midnight hour.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that the word becomes alive to them.
That when they read their Bible and they pray, Father, they're not just reading pages in a book, but they're reading the living word of God.
And it's coming life into them for it is coming light into their path, a light into their mind.
And Father, they'll hide that word in their heart that they might not sin against you.
I thank you, Father, for a refreshing on the believers today.
Father, that you restore what the cankerworm ate.
That everything they put their hands to would prosper.
That Father, they're successful.
And that, Father, you give them a perfect plan for their life, that it is divinely orchestrated.
And Father, the steps of the righteous are ordered of the Lord.
I thank you, Father, that this is the time for the kingdom of God to rise up and we take dominion and authority and we take our rightful place in this end-time army.
And we thank you, Father, that you're anointing us and appointing us for such a time as this.
We call healings and wholeness and wellness over our bodies today.
And we give you all the glory, honor, and praise, Father, for restoration and demonstrations of the manifestations of the glory.
Lord, we thank you.
We have expectation.
We're not just weak, anemic Christians, but Father, we are excited and we're looking up because we know our redemption draws nigh.
Thank you, Father.
Thank you, Lord, that we're seeing what we're praying and we're seeing it in the news.
Father, I pray over Zelensky's meeting tomorrow with Trump that Father, whatever happens with Europe and all this, Father, there would be a de-escalation of this war.
Father, too many people are dying.
And Father, I call a de-escalation of war in Jesus' name.
And that, Father, we'd have a season of peace.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that we stand as watchmen on the wall, to stand in the gap, Father, that Trump would have the wisdom to say what he needs to say, that all hidden things be revealed, that Zelensky will not act like a little brat like I think he will tomorrow.
But, Father, there'll be peace in the name of Jesus.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that cool heads will prevail.
As they go about their day tomorrow in the meetings they do of Europe and all this, cool heads will prevail.
I just saw something.
I thank you that that will not come to pass.
I see a storm.
I see a storm to the east.
I see a storm to the east again.
All over Europe, I see purple.
I see the thunder and the lightning, but I see an opportunity to diffuse this.
I see the beautiful sun on this side of it.
I see beautiful rays of light on this side of it.
But towards the east, I see a great storm.
I see the storm concerning these plans that are about to happen tomorrow.
I'm looking outside of the White House and I see a thunderstorm.
I see Zelensky's face and he is not happy with the decisions.
He's like he has an anger issue.
It's like he's throwing a fit right now.
I see him throwing a fit and I see the European leaders throwing a fit.
If they do not take this deal, I see the war escalating very rapidly.
It's so clear.
This vision is so clear, baby.
I see it so clear.
It's so clear.
There's no fog to it at all.
Ladies and gentlemen, I see the fall leaves.
I see fall leaves.
I see the changing of the seasons.
I see October highlighted.
I see September.
I see Macron.
I see the prime minister of France.
He's in the background.
We call cool heads to prevail.
We call deflating of this in Jesus' name.
We call Zelensky to be removed and to have another government brought in in Jesus' name.
If he don't want peace, then bring somebody in that does.
He's arrogant.
Arrogant man.
I see it on him.
Just like that.
Arrogant, arrogant man.
You say, 'Well, he's not.
' Listen, this thing escalated when it shouldn't have.
It has the potential to get even worse going into Tuesday.
Going into Tuesday, I see Putin right now and I see Kim waiting for the decisions.
Do you hear me?
They're all waiting.
It's like this hurry up and wait.
Hurry up and wait.
The offer that they give him back is insulting.
It's like this back and forth when they come back with their response to what he wanted, it's insulting.
So, Father, I ask you, Father, that they would not do this.
Father, I thank you cool heads will prevail in tomorrow's meetings.
It's a spirit of war.
It's a spirit of Antichrist.
And this is not even the beginning.
It's not even the one concerning Israel and all that's going on over there.
Two different fronts, two different scenarios.
Okay, I'm seeing.
Do you remember what I told you about the corruption in finances with the 24 billion that just come up before me very strong?
Corruption in the finances concerning Ukraine and there's more to lose if they de-escalate this war.
There's money laundering.
There's more to lose if they de-escalate this war.
I see corrupt money.
Corrupt money concerning Zelensky and the government there.
It's like a money laundering scheme with these leaders.
Do you understand?
It's bigger than what people realize.
The war machine is a money laundering machine.
Fraud.
Big fraud.
They want this thing to keep going and escalate because it's a money thing.
It's fraud.
There's big fraud here.
I see banks.
I see dollars.
I see Zelensky in the middle of it all.
It's almost like a drug dealer.
The way I see it is like a drug dealer.
It's the funneling, and there's child trafficking involved in this.
I see little girls with blonde hair.
I see little girls with black hair.
I see children involved in this.
Where are the children trafficking in Europe?
I see little girls.
Where are the children?
Great perversion.
This has been going on for years.
As the parents and these people are dead from war, where are the children?
You hear what I'm telling you?
I see little children.
They're all around the age of 10 and younger.
There are boys and girls involved in this.
My goodness, Lord, the things you show me.
There's so much corruption in these people.
I took communion earlier today.
Just for anybody who wants to know, who said, "Have you taken communion today?
" Yes, I've already taken communion over my visions and my eyes.
The Lord said, "Address that.
" I said, "Yes.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for the body.
" I'll do it even for this side of the camera, but Father, I thank you, Lord, for the body and for the blood.
And we take the body, and we take the blood.
And we thank you, Lord, that everything you show me today is covered in the blood, and it's covered in the body.
We already took communion earlier today, Diana and I, but we believe.
We believe, Father, that everything you show me is clear and crystal and uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
And we take this body right now in Jesus' name.
We thank you, Lord.
You're a healer.
And I plead the blood of Jesus as I'm looking over, Father.
And I thank you for the blood.
And I plead the blood over my eyes.
I plead the blood over my mind and over my body and over me right now in Jesus' name.
And we thank you, Father.
Ain't that funny?
The Lord said, "You must do that for the people.
There is a lot.
This is really, really dark.
Diana, a diffusing of ego, a diffusing of things in Jesus' name.
We apply the blood.
" I see the darkness.
I see the storm.
It is so beyond dark.
It's almost like a night sky.
That's how dark this storm is.
And there's light on at the same time.
I see light and I see dark at the same time.
I said the Lord just keeps talking about this money laundering.
We're not talking about just a little bit, a couple million dollars here, folks.
We're talking billions.
You say, "Where's all the money we sent?
Where did it go?
" It's almost like these leaders are high-stakes drug dealers.
That's the only way you can say it.
But it's with trafficking and money laundering, and they're putting the money in, and they're doing bad things with the money.
There's no accountability for the money.
The people and the taxpayers are played like fools in all nations.
This is Europe.
This is all of it.
So many evil politicians just doing what they want.
But the day of judgment is coming.
The day of judgment is coming.
They are touching the little children.
These kids are being funneled all throughout Europe.
They're being funneled throughout Europe, and they're being funneled through the Middle East.
Lord, I kept hearing him say, "Where are all the little children?
" Similar to what was coming up through the southern border by the tens of thousands.
Where did those kids go?
Remember, I saw they were going up that highway by California, and they were going over to the Middle East, over to Asia.
Dark places.
Dark trafficking for these sick men into America, for trafficking kids in America, sick men and women.
The Lord said, "And women.
" He said it's not just men.
The Lord just said that.
The Lord just said, "Brandon, it's not just men, it's women, too.
" Thank you, Father, that you protect the children.
Thank you, Father, that you protect the children and you expose the darkness.
They are the Epsteins all around the world.
The Epsteins all around the world.
You expose the darkness.
And as these people participate in this darkness, they fall over dead.
Lord, the judgment will come on them in an instant.
They touch the children, Father.
And I ask for instantaneous judgment on these men and women that are touching these kids.
The Lord said, "Remember the virus that I told you was coming to Canada.
This new sexually transmitted disease that they would actually go eunuch, that their parts would fall off because of the infection.
This is still coming.
" The Lord said, "Do not forget this virus.
It is a new sexually transmitted virus that will actually cause such a bad infection on their groin that it will be so infected that they have to become eunuchs.
They'll amputate it because of how bad this new infection is coming because they're messing with these kids.
" There's a new disease coming, and it's about to get big legs.
It's going to grow, and it's coming.
They're touching the little kids.
And I'm telling you, I've seen it right then.
The Lord said, "Do not forget the virus that I warned you about that will touch Canada and it will spread.
" And I saw it going into New York, into Boston, all these areas.
It will start to spread through Toronto.
The Lord reminded me of it; I had forgotten about it.
But this thing will start to spread, and it will be very, very painful to these people.
A venereal disease.
The Lord says it's a new type of venereal disease that you've never seen before.
It's a mutated virus that is very painful, and it's disgusting with pus and everything.
It's disgusting.
I'm telling you, it's coming.
Yeah, it's coming.
If it's not already here.
I'm telling you, this is disgusting.
You're going to start to hear about it in the news.
You're going to start to hear about this new venereal disease in the news, and I've seen on ABC, CBS, NBC, they're going to talk about this, and it will be one that will have...
Do you know like when you see like COVID and it got different strains and it mutated?
This will mutate, and there will be no cure for it, and it will cost people their lives.
Worse than AIDS.
A painful, painful virus, but it will be afflicted on the inside and outside like herpes, but worse.
Disgusting.
I see yellow sores.
That is foul.
And it will spread all the way up to their stomach.
It will go up into their stomach.
Women and men.
Nasty.
Stinky.
It's foul what I'm seeing.
A very painful death.
I'm telling you, we're in the end of the end here, folks.
We're in the end of the end here.
And I'm seeing this stuff.
And it's from bestiality, different forms.
I'm telling you, it's spreading through things that are disgusting.
Sexual acts that are disgusting.
And I'm sorry if you have children listening to this, but I'm telling you what I'm seeing.
Sick practices are going to start to come to light that are going to bring forth the new virus.
God's done.
The cup of sin is full.
There's no more grace.
Seedtime and harvest is going to start to accelerate beyond your wildest thinking.
You're going to see the sower and the reaper go hand in hand.
And you're going to see people go home that you never thought you'd see go home.
Hollywood stars will start to go from disgusting things.
Watch what happens.
You think these people, like they had in these oil parties and all this?
I'm telling you, major things will start to take place with judgments on this messing with little kids.
I say that in the name of Jesus.
No more touching these children.
No more touching the children.
The judgment has been set, and it has been set in stone.
They're not touching the kids.
And I'm telling you, the ones that do, they're in big trouble.
There's a line being drawn in the sand concerning this, and it is done.
God's wrath is about to pour out on this, messing with these little kids.
I'm telling you, He's angry about it.
You're touching the children.
You shouldn't be touching these little girls.
You should not be touching them.
In the middle of the act—dead right there.
Just falling over dead.
Heart attacks, strokes.
There is no more grace.
Again, I'm talking about falling over dead in the middle of the act, just straight to hell.
And you'll hear of people that you never dreamed you'd hear of—Hollywood and sports figures.
They'll be like, 'What?
What happened?
' And it's European sports.
The cup of sin is full.
I see European soccer players, the football players in Europe, falling over dead—sick men with money.
I don't know why, I just saw a soccer ball and I saw soccer players.
This is concerning.
I've seen soccer players falling over dead—famous ones.
Just going home—not going home, dying right there, going to hell.
The cup of sin is full concerning sexual...
And these are young girls below the age of 18.
This is like foul parties, sick parties.
And I'm telling you, judgment is coming.
Famous people just dying.
Lord, this needs to happen today.
These people...
the cup of sin is full, folks.
And I'm telling you, what I'm seeing is foul.
I plead the blood over even me.
It's gross.
And I'm telling you, judgment's coming.
These little kids...
I'm thankful for the little kids.
Judgment's coming.
They don't need to be raised up in that.
As a father, it's detestable.
Father, I thank you.
I thank you for the children, Father, that you protect them, that you protect their innocence.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that the unclean hand will not touch them.
Thank you, Father.
Oh, Father, we praise you.
The unclean hand will not touch them.
Glory to God.
It's the I-35 corridor.
An exposing of trafficking on the I-35 corridor is coming in a major way.
And in America, the I-35 corridor...
I just heard the Spirit of the Lord say the I-35 corridor.
Trafficking of truckers is about to be exposed.
Many children on I-35 of Oklahoma City, going up Dallas-Fort Worth, all the way up through Kansas.
And I-35 exposing is coming, and you'll see it on the news.
Many kids will be rescued in the days ahead.
The Lord just said, 'Because of the prayers of you right now, many kids will be rescued in the days ahead.
' I heard what He just said.
He said, 'You're going to hear it on the news, son, what you're doing in praying right now as a family.
' We're calling this out.
You're praying beside me.
I see an exposing of darkness on I-35 in America, with great exposing of trafficking being covered.
Hallelujah, we receive it, Lord.
It'll be in the news.
The Lord said it will be in the news.
An exposing of dark things of truckers.
I see trucks.
I see semi-trucks.
I see trafficking of children, and it's in hotels.
Trafficking of children in hotels on I-35.
These are truckers.
Darkness.
And I'm telling you, the Lord said, 'Because of the prayers of the saints right now, because of you all, you're uncovering things.
You're bringing it to light in the spirit realm as we intercede for this.
' An exposing of darkness is rising up right now in the name of Jesus.
And I prophesy, I decree this in the name of Jesus: all hidden things be revealed, and the sons and the daughters are coming home in Jesus' name.
This operation of the church body coming and bringing them out in the name of Jesus.
I see churches right now, with some churches bringing these kids out.
Sting operations—major sting operations will take place in the days ahead.
And this is concerning in Miami.
Listen: Fort Lauderdale, Tampa, Denver, Kansas City, St.
Louis, Missouri, Chicago, Illinois—and they're trafficking them.
We call an exposing.
We call an exposing in LA, Seattle, Portland, Las Vegas, Nevada, New Orleans, Louisiana, Arkansas, Little Rock.
These are the cities that are flashing before me.
The Lord said, 'Pray, saints, pray.
' We call to pray like if it was your child.
Pray.
You call it down, this stronghold.
We call this stronghold down in the name of Jesus, off of our children, calling it down in Jesus' name.
Demonic stronghold be broken off of this nation and around the world.
We call an exposing of these dark times concerning our children.
We call them in.
We call the children in, in the name of Jesus.
In the name of Jesus, we call for the breaking of their bondage, the breaking of this off of their lives.
We call all the pain that these young girls who are servicing these people experience—all the scars from the inward hurt and all the pain.
Father, I even pray over their minds right now in the name of Jesus.
They're more than this.
They're going to be restored by the Holy Ghost.
The only one that can fix this mess is you, Holy Ghost.
The only one that can fix this mess is you, Father.
Oh, God, the only one that can fix this is you, God.
Oh, Father, the only one that can do this is you, Lord.
We call an exposing to the darkness and a judgment on the ones who are doing it.
We call judgment on the ones who are doing it, with child pornography all the way down.
We call judgment on the ones who are doing this.
Father, they would fall over dead right now.
It's terrible what they're doing.
I call judgment over this right now in Jesus' name.
Touch not these little children.
Touch not these children, in Jesus' name.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for our FBI, for our sheriffs' departments, for our local police departments.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you're raising them up, and they have eyes like eagles.
They would see where they're hiding, and they would go in there and expose the cockroaches that they are.
I thank you, Father, that they're going in there right now in the name of Jesus, and they're taking the sheets off and saying, 'You're going to jail.
' I mean, seriously, just going in there, radical.
They'll know exactly where they're hiding, they'll know exactly where they are, and they'll uncover it all in Jesus' name.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
It's time.
It's time, Father.
It's time for this to stop.
Thank you, Father, for all the abortion clinics that are closing, that Planned Parenthood is closing all around this nation.
I think they said forty-some clinics have closed.
I thank you, Lord, that they're closing all around this nation in the name of Jesus.
They're boarding up and closing shop right now.
I thank you, Lord, that abortion is stopping in the name of Jesus, Father, that the innocent life will have a chance to live.
We thank you, Lord, that the innocent life will have a chance to live in Jesus' name.
We thank you, Lord, that mothers will have a better outlook and say, 'Hey, I want this baby.
' And that they will, if they don't want to raise it, they'll give it up for adoption because there's a lot of people that want it, Father, that will go to a God-fearing home.
Somebody's believing for a baby, Father, that life is precious.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, for the parents that can't have a child, that they would adopt a child.
And Father, they would not have issues and all the red tape and it costs so much money to be able to do something.
Father, they would make it cheaper for the parents that just want a baby to raise a child, that it would be cheaper, and they would have financial blessing to be able to afford it.
I thank you, Father, that you would raise up the finances to have this done, for a mommy and a daddy to be able to raise a child up, to afford one, to afford to have one.
You would provide a way, Lord.
You provide a way for these beautiful children.
Father, we give you all the glory, honor, and praise.
May they go to loving homes, God-fearing homes.
Not this man-and-man, woman-and-woman trash, but Father, they would be raised up in good, God-fearing homes, teaching the love of God to the kids.
Thank you, Father.
Training up a child in the way they should go, and when they get older, they'll not depart from it.
And the evil hand will not touch them.
The unclean hand will not touch them.
Thank you, Father.
Thank you, Lord.
Oh God, our hearts cry, Father, for every single one of them.
Father, we thank you, Lord.
We thank you, Lord, that you're moving on our behalf right now in the name of Jesus.
Angels on assignment, uncovering the hotel rings.
Angels on assignment right now in the name of Jesus, uncovering the hotel rings in Jesus' name.
Angels of the Lord camped around and about, exposing the darkness in Jesus' name.
We thank you, Lord, that you're moving on our behalf.
Aid and assistance, aid and assistance.
Father, we thank you, Lord.
You're sending the warring angels right now in Jesus' name.
All throughout Amarillo right now in Jesus' name.
I see Amarillo highlighted.
Albuquerque.
Texas college kids—this is dark.
Thank you, Father.
We're all in agreement, and I believe we're moving this mountain right now.
This has gone on too far, and it's time for this stuff to really come to a head, and judgment to begin to set in on this.
No more grace concerning this.
This is foul.
No more of this.
And I'm asking, Father, to intervene with angelic aid and assistance, bringing these children home.
And when they come home, that pain would be fixed—all this heaviness.
What's going on in these kids is a mess in itself, and it's going to take a lot of prayer and a lot of the Holy Ghost purifying, cleansing, and helping these children.
The unclean hand will not touch them anymore.
Father, we give you all the glory, honor, and praise.
Father, I just consider it done, Lord, and I rejoice with you, Father, for you want this more than we do.
But we pray it into this earth's atmosphere and out of the spirit realm.
And we believe, Father, that we have angelic aid and assistance right now concerning this.
And Father, you're putting a hedge—you're cutting this snake's head off concerning this, and the embezzling of the money, and the money laundering, and all the things that are going on with this in Europe and all that's happening all around.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that this is coming to an end, and we will see great results concerning this.
They'll be too scared to touch them, even with the venereal disease, that they'll say, 'I ain't doing this,' because they don't even know how they're getting it.
It just happens to them because they've opened the door.
I thank you, Father.
And the children are protected; the children are protected from it.
They don't even get it, they don't even know.
It's a supernatural hedge of protection, but it's like an end-time plague that stops this.
Thank you, Father.
Father, we thank you, Lord.
We thank you, Lord, that you protect the children.
We thank you, Lord, that you stop the darkness.
Thank you, Lord, this stops now in Jesus' name.
No more of this mess with these little kids.
Well, praise the Lord, y'all.
I'm thankful for every single one of you that came.
I know these videos go a different direction every single time, and I never know the way the Holy Spirit's going to take us, but this was very heavy for me.
That was rough.
I just thank the Lord that it happens quickly.
And I'm so thankful for every single one of you that takes these videos seriously and comes and prays with us.
Well, I believe we're making a difference.
I believe breakthrough is coming for these children's lives today as we see it.
And I don't know why it's on the Father's heart like this because it could be other things, but this is so important.
He brings it up like, 'You're forgetting this,' you know, praying over the abortions, praying over this stuff.
And it's like, 'Of course, Lord, forgive me.
' Yes, stir it up, stir it up, stir it up!
Glory to God.
Thank you, Father.
We give you all the glory, honor, and praise, Father.
We thank you, Lord.
Oh, what a week we believe we will have, Father, with victory concerning these things.
This will be an amazing week ahead with victory because we go from glory to glory to glory, and we're so excited because we live on the victory side of things.
Thank you for coming and praying with me today, baby.
Thank you.
I sure am so glad you came.
Hallelujah.
Well, if you're looking for something to watch online and you need a refreshing, Billy Burke is holding meetings in Anchorage, Alaska at King's Church in Wasilla, Alaska.
And he has an online channel there, a YouTube channel that he has every night at their time.
So, it's like what, here?
And he's doing these meetings to just get refreshed if you want something to watch.
I look forward to it.
And he's going to be there Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, and he was there tonight.
So, but yeah, just something to support, to watch their channel.
I don't know the pastor there, but it looked like a good little church there in Alaska.
Yeah, wow, that's a lot.
So, if you're in Alaska, look up where he's at because he'll be there till Wednesday.
Maybe you go over there and visit at King's Church.
So, pretty cool.
He'll be at all kinds of places.
His whole itinerary is online on his website, so he goes all over.
We just go to get refreshed.
We like to watch online; it's good stuff.
And if he's ever in our area, we're there, just getting refreshed.
You know, I don't know of very many places that I just go and drink and go, 'Hey, I know the water's pure here and it's okay.
' No, I go and I like to get my toes wet.
Not anymore; I want to jump in!
I don't want to just get my toes wet, I want to jump in.
So, well, praise God.
Well, if you're new here, we really appreciate you being here.
Could you please subscribe?
If you haven't subscribed, click the notification bell, click the subscribe button, click the like button, click all the things that you can do to help us.
This is what helps us with the algorithm.
We'll never ask you for anything other than this.
We just ask you to please help us.
You know, I heard there's a prophetic conference coming and they want to charge for prophetic words.
It really bothered me.
It really bothered me because you can't pay for a prophetic word.
Now, I may have misunderstood some of it, but this is what was said to me: 'Brenda, do you see that they're charging for prophetic words?
' And I'm just saying, it's a very dangerous place to be, to charge for a prophetic word.
If you think that's like a scam—you know, you pay fortune tellers for prophetic words—you can't pay for the Holy Ghost to talk to you.
It's only by grace, and He talks to you as you go underneath the anointing.
But if you think you can use your prophetic gift to make a profit out of it, and you have a prophetic conference concerning it and you say, 'Hey, we're having all these prophets and you can pay for a prophetic word,' that's very dangerous to me.
I would say run with all you have.
We had a ministry say, 'Well, we charge to cast demons out of people.
' Well, we were young and we paid it, but there wasn't any devil cast out.
There was no money for Megan.
Yeah, there's nothing wrong.
There's no devil in the first place, but I'm just saying with my daughter.
But instantaneously, when you go to this big ministry, even in Dallas, and they said, 'We're going to charge you 500 bucks,' and that happened to us.
And besides that, we had a dear sister give us the money.
She said, 'Brandon, I felt led to bless you back with that.
' I thought, 'Isn't that amazing?
' Yeah, all these years later.
All these years later.
That was when Megan was a little younger, yeah.
But it was on that lady's heart to send us that $500.
I thought, 'Isn't that amazing?
People are so nice.
' But you just come across folks that have a good heart.
But I want to warn you, there's a lot of wolves in sheep's clothing.
Charge them for healing?
'Well, we'll pray for you and everything.
' If you lay hands on my daughter, you know, or whatever, I'm like, 'No, we don't want—I won't let anybody touch my kids unless I know them.
' We've learned there's a lot of—the unclean hand will not touch my kids.
I don't—even when the pastor says, 'Hey, we're going to let so-and-so hand you to the front of the church,' I say, 'No, I'm not interested.
I don't know you, and you are not imparting anything into me unless I know you.
' Period.
And the Holy Ghost says, because there's a lot of things—they'll transfer spirits, and they could be in witchcraft, they could be a lot of things.
You are not touching me with your hands unless I know you.
Period.
'And so, I want you to pray for me.
' 'No, I'm good.
I'm good.
I'll pray until I know who you are,' you know?
And then when they started saying, 'We're charging for prophetic words.
We're charging for healings.
We're charging for this,' I thought, 'We are in the last days.
' And I asked one of my prophetic friends, I said, 'Are you going to any of this?
' He said, 'No.
' I said, 'It just infuriates me.
' I just go, 'Come on, folks.
We've got to do better.
We got to do better.
' So, I don't know.
I don't want to get off on a rant, but I'm just telling y'all, Diana and I will never ask you for a dime.
Freely we have been given, freely we give out.
We put our descriptions of things in our PayPal and all that if you want to bless our ministry.
And that's because you've asked for it, but we've never asked for anything.
Freely we've been given, freely we give out.
Now, if you say, 'Hey, the Lord told me to do that,' that's on you.
But we're never asking you for nothing.
All we come on here to ask you for is a like, a click, and something nice down below and to agree with us by faith.
Other than that, God takes care of Brandon Biggs.
He takes care of Diana.
He's been good to me.
We believe just like everybody for our finances, just like everybody else does.
But I'm going to tell you, it bothers me when I saw a prophetic conference charging for stuff, and I said, 'Oh, no.
We can't do that.
' But we pray for every single one of you.
And we ain't judging anybody.
We're just loving on people.
And we're excited you're here.
I pray that when you come here, you get refreshed and you have impartation into your life that changes you from glory to glory to glory.
And that when you get done, you say, 'I'll never be the same.
Never, never, never in Jesus' name.
' That's what we want for you.
And we pray that for you every single day.
Well, God bless you all.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
God bless you and we'll see you again soon.
Bye-bye.